Dreadlog 1, Sept: the protocol for the bot with all the actions it's trained to do is now finished. A laugh of hysteria as I look at this beautiful creation. After lots of nights tailoring every detail on it, it will soon be ready to operate. There are just a few errors that needs to be fixed. I expect it to take a couple more months to fix syntax errors and debug the script. Then it will be ready to operate.

Dreadlog 2, Oct: I have now finished a beta version of the bot. It has a basic set of things it can do. It can reply to messages when it is online. I can decide when I log on and I can run the bot from my computer singlehandedly. Without having to log in via steam. The bot can't automatically accept friend requests but it will be able to later when the full version is released. It is not online 24/7, only when I access it manually. And the bot I have chosen for this destiny is Jewdoria, my second account. I didn't take the first one because then it's going to be easier to make the full version of the bot on the primary account without having to move things around.

Dreadlog 3, Nov: Let me announce: the full version of the bot is now launched! For both accounts. I have done a test run of the bot and it is fully functioning. It can still only function when I run it via my computer. My plan is that I am going to run it through a server so it's up 24/7. The bot should now be able to accept friend requests and accept trade offers when I go online.

Dreadlog 4, Dec: Me and my friend have been testing out the bot and it is fully functioning, except for a minor bug when sending trades. It accepts any trade that is profitable. Meaning that if the value of the items sent to the bot is equal to or or exceeds the value of the items that is traded for it, the bot will accept the trade. I have also fixed some bugs that prevents trading and made some changes to the protocol. The bot can now do the following: 1. Manage and accept trade offers in the way I just described. 2. Give a response to messages. Nothing too complicated, but it can respond to messages when it is up and running. 3. Craft. It can craft materials from scrap when I run it. 4. Accept and manage friend and group requests. The only issue right now is when it gets an offer, it is a line in the protocol that is bugged. It gives an error message, but it still works for some reason. You can send a trade to the bot, and it will accept any reasonable offer. And it will complete the task but it won't accept any offer that is not profitable for it. So, dear reader, feel free to give it a shot.
--- Quick update 20/2/2020: There have been a paus since the last update because I have been busy with other things. The next thing that will be done with the bot is that I will deploy it to a server so it can run 24/7. When I get the time, I will do it and write a log about it.
